felix.klamm@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile
joseph.backerman@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Java;IT
alice.weisse@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Bielefeld;Soccer
dirk.bekkenberg@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Spring;Java
angela.merkmal@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Bielefeld;Wine
monika.hoppe@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Jax Munich 2011
christian.tueffers@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Spring;Java;SSL;IT;Bielefeld;Jax Munich 2011;RPG;Warhammer
markus.long@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Bielefeld;IT
thomas.zapfen@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Operations;IT;Agile
ingmar.mueller@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;IT
arnaud.dolignan@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Java;Development
beathe.ohse@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Bielefeld
sebastian.vittel@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;Java;Operations;IT
anastasia.gross@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;RPG;IT
matthias.zugler@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Java;BPM;Cloud
vera.rath@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Agile;IT;Java
frank.fesselbrand@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Spring;IT
fero.bacak@techbank.com	jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	Spring;Java
emmanuelle.bart@techbank.com	manuel.neiner@techbank.com	Beethoven;Violin
frank.sattler@techbank.com	emmanuelle.bart@techbank.com	Beethoven
emmanuelle.bart@techbank.com	frank.sattler@techbank.com	Beethoven;Violin
emmanuelle.bart@techbank.com	matthias.ossler@techbank.com	Beethoven;Violin
matthias.miller@techbank.com	brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	Market Risk;Front Office;Trading
michaela.pfeffer@techbank.com	brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	Market Risk;Trading;Swaps
dirk.bekkenberg@techbank.com	brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	Tradings;Swaps;Stocks;Bonds
anne.brown@techbank.com	brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	Swaps;Bonds;Derivates
petra.gerste@techbank.com	brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	Swaps;Trading;Front Office
brigitte.prinz@techbank.com	petra.gerste@techbank.com	Front Office;Trading;Cash Products
michaela.pfeffer@techbank.com	petra.gerste@techbank.com	Trading;Cash Products
jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	petra.gerste@techbank.com	Trading;Cash Products
markus.long@techbank.com	petra.gerste@techbank.com	Front Office;Trading
petra.gerste@techbank.com	anne.brown@techbank.com	Front Office;Bonds
alice.weisse@techbank.com	anne.brown@techbank.com	Front Office;Warrants
jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	anne.brown@techbank.com	Front Office;Trading;Bonds
tanja.kopatz@techbank.com	anne.brown@techbank.com	Front Office;Trading;Bonds
petra.gerste@techbank.com	gundula.geise@techbank.com	Front Office;Warrants
costanze.kirre@techbank.com	gundula.geise@techbank.com	Front Office;Trading;Warrants
rudi.korell@techbank.com	gundula.geise@techbank.com	Front Office;OTC
jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	Operations;ITIL;Help Desk
christian.tueffers@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	Operations;IT
petra.gerste@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	Help Desk;Operations;IT
ingmar.mueller@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	ITIL;Operations;IT
matthias.miller@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	ITIL
anne.brown@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	Help Desk;Operations
arnaud.dolignan@techbank.com	markus.long@techbank.com	ITIL
markus.long@techbank.com	matthias.zugler@techbank.com	Development;Innovation
monika.hoppe@techbank.com	matthias.zugler@techbank.com	Innovation;IT
tanja.kopatz@techbank.com	matthias.zugler@techbank.com	Innovation;Cloud
christian.tueffers@techbank.com	matthias.zugler@techbank.com	Cloud;Innovation
arnaud.dolignan@techbank.com	matthias.zugler@techbank.com	Innovation
jure.zakotnik@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;HTML;Spring;SSL;SQL
markus.long@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Spring;Java;HTML
matthias.miller@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;SQL
thomas.zapfen@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;Spring
matthias.zugler@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;Development;Spring;HTML
christian.tueffers@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;Spring
alice.weisse@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	IT;Development;Java
melanie.murrende@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;Spring
dirk.bekkenberg@techbank.com	fero.bacak@techbank.com	Java;Spring
frank.fesselbrand@techbank.com	lucien.fivre@techbank.com	Frankfurt;Soccer
frank.fesselbrand@techbank.com	steve.jabs@techbank.com	Frankfurt;Soccer
lucien.fivre@techbank.com	frank.fesselbrand@techbank.com	Frankfurt;Soccer
steve.jabs@techbank.com	lucien.fivre@techbank.com	Frankfurt;Soccer
lucien.fivre@techbank.com	steve.jabs@techbank.com	Frankfurt;Soccer
matthias.miller@techbank.com	dietmar.bur@techbank.com	ISO20000
anastasia.gross@techbank.com	dietmar.bur@techbank.com	ISO20000
fero.bacak@techbank.com	jonas.jux@techbank.com	Java;HTML
jonas.jux@techbank.com	falk.seibild@techbank.com	Accounting
anne.brown@techbank.com	falk.seibild@techbank.com	Accounting
costanze.kirre@techbank.com	falk.seibild@techbank.com	Accounting
beathe.ohse@techbank.com	falk.seibild@techbank.com	Accounting
christian.tueffers@techbank.com	falk.seibild@techbank.com	Accounting
karina.wocek@techbank.com	vera.rath@techbank.com	Chinese;Innovation
terence.highgrove@techbank.com	vera.rath@techbank.com	Chinese;Sales Business
alice.weisse@techbank.com	vera.rath@techbank.com	Switzerland;Chinese
ingmar.mueller@techbank.com	vera.rath@techbank.com	Sales Business;Chinese
hope.soli@techbank.com	vera.rath@techbank.com	London;Chinese
